[Doc]Correct some incorrect docker urls in ARM deployment. (#56502)
StarRocks/starrocks: docs/en/deployment/prepare_deployment_files.md

> 1. Download a StarRocks Docker image from [StarRocks Docker Hub](https://hub.docker.com/r/starrocks/artifacts-ubuntu/tags). You can choose a specific version based on the tag of the image.

Reviewer: Would it be better to use this link instead of pointing directly to the Ubuntu one? https://hub.docker.com/u/starrocks?page=1&search=artifacts

> 1. Download a StarRocks Docker image from [StarRocks Docker Hub](https://hub.docker.com/r/starrocks/artifacts-ubuntu/tags). You can choose a specific version based on the tag of the image.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. Download a StarRocks Docker image from [StarRocks Docker Hub](https://hub.docker.com/u/starrocks?page=1&search=artifacts). You can choose a specific version based on the tag of the image.
```
